The task that now stands in front
of us is to make it make sense and
put all of this in a reasonable fashion
and order and organize ourselves.
So I'm just zooming out a little bit so
we can get a little bit more of a typical
view of what it would look
like on our own machines.
So one thing we might want to do is,
I don't know put the canvas
inside of the app.
Maybe I'm just gonna move that up
to right above this card thing.
Just so it's between the header and
the button the stuff.
No big difference except
that before it was rendering
to the side because of
the styles that are applied.
So now we've got a nice
centered column of nothingness.
And what we can do now is start to
manipulate our canvas.
But first again,
are we feeling uncomfortable about having
these two different scripts coming in?
It's not necessarily a bad thing, but in a
lot of projects and frameworks especially,
you will find that there's usually one
main entry point and that that is where
then everything else that is
happening on the page gets imported.
And it does sort of make it a little
bit easier to follow those breadcrumbs,
like when something's going wrong,
there's just a few fewer places
that things could be coming from.
So what we can do is go back to our
main.js and import this script from there.
And again, this is all leveraging kind
of a combination of node modules and
how one module can import another
module and another module.
And when it runs in the browser,
the browser's modules and Veet's tooling
that is helping us kind of shuffle new
source code into the project constantly.
Because our dev server is
running because earlier, and
we ran NPM run dev and
we never hit Ctrl+C to end it.
So that's where we're at.
Okay, so I'm gonna delete this, cool.
And now, everything looks the same,
but we are now missing our camera.
So what if we go in here, where we're in
main.js, where we're importing our style,
and we also import, Camera.
This get video function.
How can I do that?
We talked about it earlier.
Yeah.
>> You can export it.
>> So first of all, I wanna make
sure this is an importable function,
which means it has been exported and
just like synchronous functions,
I can export an a sync function too.
Now, interestingly, we'll see,
VS Code is telling me to grade
out this video value because now
it's not being used for anything.
And so maybe I don't actually want
to be grabbing that video in here,
maybe I just want this camera.js
to be like a utility module with
the functions that I need,
but not actually do anything,
run any imperative commands,
like get me that video.
Just tell me how getting a video works.
And if I want to work with that video,
I probably want to spit
it out from the function,
maybe return something other
than undefined, perhaps.
So I can return that video
element here if I want to.
And again,
this is just one way to take a selfie.
[LAUGH], but what we're starting
to get at is, now I'm sort of,
I am both the developer and
the user of my own code base.
So same as before, when we were deciding
what the API should be for our models and
deciding what public methods and
things we want our objects to expose.
Similarly, our modules, we want to decide
what do we want to export from here and
what do we maybe not want to export but
just have be a secret value,
that is, I don't know, very useful here.
If I'm not exporting it
then when I go to main and
I start importing stuff
from a camera source,
[LAUGH], source camera if I
try to import like the secret,
it VS Code is not even autocompleting
it because it's not exported.
But as soon as I type, Getvideo,
VS Code starts autocompleting.
It's like, I know what that is.
That is a function called getvideo
that returns a promise to an HTML
video element.
And so this is now where we're starting
to get into all of the magic and
the VS Code IntelliSense so
that we're in the autocomplete and
the introspection of what's happening
here and there is probably a whole
course on using VS code effectively,
[LAUGH], on Frontend Masters.
If there's not there will
be soon I'm sure you.
And so there's a whole much more,
like fanciness that can happen here.
But [INAUDIBLE] say we're
starting to get the benefits.
>> We do have a course
called VS Code can do that.
>> VS Code can do that is the course you
wanna check out if you wanna see what else
VS Code can do.
Okay, so in any case in this I believe
will even work if I start importing get,
if I start typing getvideo, VS Code is,
I know where you get video.
It lives in source/camera.
So I can just tab and
the whole line gets written for me.
And I don't even have copilot or
anything going on here.
This is just VS Code
knowing the module system.
Because of some JavaScript aware tooling
that is set up in our installation.
So definitely go check out that VS Code
course if you wanna fancy up your
dev environment.